1. What query would you run to get all the countries that speak Slovene? Your
query should return the name of the country, language and language percentage.
Your query should arrange the result by language percentage in descending order.

    SELECT name, language, percentage FROM languages
    JOIN countries ON countries.id = languages.country_id
    WHERE language LIKE 'Slovene'
    ORDER BY percentage DESC;

2. What query would you run to display the total number of cities for each
country? Your query should return the name of the country and the total number
of cities. You query should arrange the result by the number of cities in
descending order.

    SELECT countries.name, COUNT(cities.name) FROM cities
    JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id
    GROUP BY countries.name
    ORDER BY COUNT(cities.name) DESC;

3. What query would you run to get all the cities in Mexico with a population
of greater than 500,000? Your query should arrange the result by population in
descending order.

    SELECT name, population FROM cities
    WHERE population > 500000 AND country_code LIKE 'MEX'
    ORDER BY population DESC;

4. What query would you run to get all languages in each country with a
percentage greater than 89%? Your query should arrange the result by percentage
in descending order.

    SELECT name, language, percentage from languages
    JOIN countries on countries.id = languages.country_id
    WHERE percentage >89
    ORDER BY percentage DESC;

5. What query would you run to get all the countries with Surface Area below
501 and Population greater than 100,000?

    SELECT name, surface_area, population FROM countries
    WHERE surface_area < 501 AND
        population > 100000;

6. What query would you run to get countries with only Constitutional Monarchy
with a capital greater than 200 and a life expectancy greater than 75 years?

    SELECT countries.name, life_expectancy, cities.population FROM cities
    JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id
    WHERE government_form LIKE 'Constitutional Monarchy' AND
        life_expectancy > 75 AND
        cities.population > 200000 AND
        cities.id = countries.capital
    ORDER BY name ASC;

7. What query would you run to get all the cities of Argentina inside the Buenos
Aires district and have the population greater than 500, 000? The query should
return the Country Name, City Name, District and Population.

    SELECT countries.name, cities.name, district, cities.population FROM cities
    JOIN countries ON countries.id = cities.country_id
    WHERE country_id = 9 AND
        district LIKE 'Buenos Aires' AND
        cities.population > 500000
    ORDER BY cities.name ASC;

8. What query would you run to summarize the number of countries in each region?
The query should display the name of the region and the number of countries.
Also, the query should arrange the result by the number of countries in
descending order.

    SELECT COUNT(name), region FROM countries
    GROUP BY region
    ORDER BY COUNT(name) DESC;
