1. What is source code?

    Sequences of instructions written to the computer in a programming language


2. What makes computers so "smart," anyway?

    Computers can solve a diverse range of problems through software, written in
    a programming language by human programmers.


3. What is the purpose of a programming language?

    They read in a series of  human-readable steps instructing a computer how to
    respond, and they translate the steps into a format the computer can
    understand and later execute.


4. What are 3 examples of programming languages? Why are there so many of these?

    PHP, Python, Ruby. Each language has differing strengths and therefore is
    useful in different situations.


5. What is a variable? Why are variables useful?

    A variable is a specific spot in memory with a label that you give it. It
    helps the programmer to juggle multiple points of data at once.


6. What is the difference between a single-equals (=) and a double-equals (==)?

    = sets things and == tests things.


7. What is the difference between a double-equals (==) and a triple-equals (===)?

    == converts comparison data to the same data type while === does not.


8. Why does the developer console exist?

    It helps us to test run our code, showing errors, warnings, and other
    messages about our program.


9. When we talk about "conditional" statements, what does that mean? What is an example?

    The statement looks at the value of one or more variables and executes
    certain lines of code based on that result. For example:

    if(myName == "Martin"){
        console.log("Hey there, Martin, how's it going?")
    }

10. Why would we want FOR or WHILE loops in our code?

    FOR and WHILE loops are useful in performing the same action multiple times
    without unnecessarily wasting time or memory.


11. When would you use a WHILE loop instead of a FOR loop?

    FOR loops are good when you know exactly how many times the lines of code
    they contain should be run. While loops are good when you don't know how
    many times to loop.


12. What is a function? Why would we use functions?

    A function is a grouping of lines of code that can be called multiple times
    if needed.


13. How many values can you receive back from a function? How many values can you send in?

    A programmer can input any number of values, but can only receive one back.


14. What is an array? How many values does it hold?

    An array is a list in which any number of values are stored.


15. What is a T-diagram and why should I know how to use one?

    A T-diagram is a way to record the state of all your local variables,
    including arrays and heir indices. It helps to decipher complex code.


16. What are the two ways to comment JS code? When would you use one versus the other?

    Use // to comment on just one line and /*...*/ to comment across multiple lines.
